README.md, before:

DBSCAN
======

## Introduction  
Grid based DBSCAN algorithm of different versions  
Designed for CPU execute and DataFlow Engine acceleration  

## Algorithms  
1. Brute force (use distance matrix)  
2. Grid based (by [Ade Gunawan](http://alexandria.tue.nl/extra1/afstversl/wsk-i/gunawan2013.pdf))  
3. Reduced precision grid based (approximate DBSCAN with controllable precision)  
4. Dataflow version (acceleration supported by Maxeler Dataflow Engine)  

## Compile & run  
#### CPU code  
>  $cd CPUCode  
>  $cmake CMakeList.txt  
>  $make  
>  $./test_dbscan  

#### Dataflow Engine code  
>  $cd EngineCode/hardware/DBSCAN/build  
>  $make runsim  

## Data & result  
1. Sample data is in data/  
2. Two results are in result/ 

## Dependencies  
#### Platform and libraries  
1. g++/icpc (c++11 or c++0x supported)  
2. boost  (boost/numeric/ublas)  
3. cmake  

#### About DataFlow Engine   
The codes related to DataFlow engine are in EngineCode/hardware  
This requires special platform(Maxeler Dataflow Engine and its special compiler)

Commit message:

fix bug in dbscan_rehash.cpp

README.md, after:

DBSCAN
======

## Introduction  
Grid based DBSCAN algorithm of different versions  
Designed for CPU execute and DataFlow Engine acceleration  

## Algorithms  
1. Brute force (use distance matrix)  
2. Grid based (by [Ade Gunawan](http://alexandria.tue.nl/extra1/afstversl/wsk-i/gunawan2013.pdf))  
3. Reduced precision grid based (approximate DBSCAN with controllable precision)  
4. Rehash grid based algorithm (use hashing to reduce the number of distance calculation)  
5. Dataflow version (acceleration supported by Maxeler Dataflow Engine)  

## Compile & run  
#### CPU code  
>  $cd CPUCode  
>  $cmake CMakeList.txt  
>  $make  
>  $./test_dbscan  

#### Dataflow Engine code  
>  $cd EngineCode/hardware/DBSCAN/build  
>  $make runsim  

## Data & result  
1. Sample data is in data/  
2. Two results are in result/ 

## Dependencies  
#### Platform and libraries  
1. g++/icpc (c++11 or c++0x supported)  
2. boost  (boost/numeric/ublas)  
3. cmake  

#### About DataFlow Engine   
The codes related to DataFlow engine are in EngineCode/hardware  
This requires special platform(Maxeler Dataflow Engine and its special compiler)
